Your wallet remembers what happened. WhyTx remembers why, with private context
and verifiable onchain proof.
Connection is non-custodial through Reown AppKit. Here I choose the isolated
WhyTx demo wallet.
A gas-free signature unlocks the encrypted local ledger. It does not create a
transaction or expose the private notes.
Monad Mainnet is the default network. Testnet remains available from the
network selector.
I will document the real WhyTx registry deployment transaction already
confirmed on Monad Mainnet.
WhyTx adds human context: purpose, category, counterparty, follow-up date,
status, and private details.
Securing sends only a salted Merkle root to the WhyTx registry on Monad
Mainnet. The readable note stays encrypted in this browser.
The overview now shows one secured record, one active follow-up, and no
unprotected draft.
Transactions shows the complete ledger. Follow-ups isolates unresolved records
with a future action date.
Shared Proofs contains secured records. I choose exactly which fields another
person may verify.
The verification link exposes only selected fields, with proofs that they
match the earlier mainnet commitment.
After a refresh, the current tab restores its session securely, so the wallet
does not ask for the same unlock signature again.
Edits never overwrite history. This update becomes version two and links back
to the original secured record.
The reveal screen now shows both secured versions, while the latest record
remains selectively shareable.
Users can switch to Monad Testnet for testing, then return to Mainnet without
mixing transaction data or proof addresses.
WhyTx completes one focused loop: attach, remember, follow up, reveal, and
independently verify why a crypto transaction happened.